fix: Build a new workshop for debugging using throw/try/catch/finally in js (#67750)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/workshop-debugging-library-search/6a1c48f85f99dbe8f8a41e9e.md

---
id: 6a1c48f85f99dbe8f8a41e9e
title: Step 6
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-6
---

# --description--

Inside your second `if` statement, you need to throw another error to stop the execution.

Use the `throw` keyword to throw a `new Error()`. Pass the string `title + " not found!"` as an argument to the Error constructor.

# --hints--

> Inside your second 'if' statement, you should use the 'throw' keyword to throw a 'new Error()' with the exact string: title + " not found!".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inside your second `if` statement, you should use the `throw` keyword to throw a `new Error()` with the exact string: `title + " not found!"`.
```

---
id: 6a1c48f85f99dbe8f8a41e9e
title: Step 6
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-6
---

# --description--

Inside your second `if` statement, you need to throw another error to stop the execution.

Use the `throw` keyword to throw a `new Error()`. Pass the string `title + " not found!"` as an argument to the Error constructor.
# --hints--

You should use the `throw` keyword inside your `if` statement to throw a `new Error()`.

```js

> assert.match(code, /throw\s+new\s+Error/);

Reviewer: this one passes with no changes, there is already a `throw new Error` in the seed code

Author: left as is since the behavioural test already covers it...

Reviewer 2: Because this test is testing for the existence of an new thrown `Error`, it will always pass. There's not really a point of having this test.

Author: i did remove both the regex tests in the latest commit and replaced them with pure behavioural tests!

---
id: 6a1c48f85f99dbe8f8a41e9e
title: Step 6
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-6
---

# --description--

Inside your second `if` statement, you need to throw another error to stop the execution.

Use the `throw` keyword to throw a `new Error()`. Pass the string `title + " not found!"` as an argument to the Error constructor.
# --hints--

You should use the `throw` keyword inside your `if` statement to throw a `new Error()`.

```js
assert.match(code, /throw\s+new\s+Error/);
```

You should put the string `title + " not found!"` as the argument to your new `Error` constructor.

```js

> assert.match(code, /throw\s+new\s+Error\s*\(\s*(?:title\s*\+\s*['"] not found!['"]|`\$\{title\}\s*not found!`)\s*\)/);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
assert.throws(() => findBook("Nonexistent Book"), Error, "Nonexistent Book not found!");
```

Author: changed in latest commit :)
